I'm sure you know that on Sunday right
across the street from us here in
Hollywood and airing here on this very
Network the 92nd annual Academy Awards
it's like the West Coast version of the
Iowa caucuses there are nine nominees
for Best Picture this which is a lot of
nominees so we decided to have some fun
we're going out in the street and we
asked people about a bunch of stuff we
made up about these nominated films none
of none of what we're about to describe
happen but did that stop people forgive
them their takes on them of course not
in a new Academy Awards edition of
Eyewitness News
[Music]
we're out here talking to people about
some of the Oscar movies from this last
year there was of course a beautiful day
in the neighborhood Tom Hanks starring
as Mister Rogers an incredible
performance yeah now were you surprised
by the violent daylight bank robbery at
the beginning of the film what was it
like to see mr. Rogers holding a smoking
gun you know like when I first turned on
the movie why I was I do come for this
but it was meat to me it was quite you
know exhilarating for kids it may have
been a little it's a little a little
violent for chilly especially yes
especially mr. Rogers yeah now some
people are thinking that Larry David
should have been nominated for Best
Supporting Actor for his appearance as
the Riddler in Joker do you agree with
that yeah he did really good
performances movie so yeah I guess he
may want to host but you do you think
that this song tonight we're gonna party
like it's 1917 deserved the nomination
for best song make this a feel-good song
and it is catchy is good is it
definitely a feel-good song Renee
Zellweger was nominated for Judy
the story of Judy Jetson the first woman
to walk on the moon glad that stories
being told yeah why not
isn't that like monumental it kind of
looks like a huge right so yeah I think
that that's important a lot of people
love Dantonio Banderas and the chef
boyardee story but should the role have
gone to an Italian actor instead yeah I
think that it should have gone to an
Italian actor but might have been a more
believable what are you gonna do yeah I
mean it's Hollywood there everything's
rigged
Jojo rabbit in which Scarlett Johansson
lost 45 pounds to play the rabbit do you
think that was too dramatic a
transformation no I think I think when
you do a part in a movie you have to do
it and it is amazing yeah yeah and now
she's got the nomination so cares yeah
what did you think of the scene where
DeNiro throws his arm around Daniel
day-lewis and says this guy really is an
Irish man that part right there it kind
of like made me uh how could I say
emotional but at the same time it was a
plot twist to it so you know it was kind
of like wow you show you how
cold-blooded people are there was of
course the two popes which is the story
of Italian scientist cloning the Pope
did you like that blend of religion and
science fiction no it was a good movie
but I just think that the message wasn't
exact I mean there should they shouldn't
make a movie out of something like that
I don't know I think that that's a
really terrible thing that happened and
it shouldn't be glorified we shouldn't
be playing God like no I don't think so
man I think that's all that should be a
whole nother thing then of course there
was Harriet the story of Harriet Tubman
do you think ariana grande was the right
choice for the world I didn't at first I
didn't think that she would do a good
job but after seeing it I think she fit
it do you think she has a shot at the
Oscar for that for an Oscar I'm not sure
yeah I'm not stick to singing but yeah
thanks for watching remember every time
you click the subscribe button one of
your enemies gets destroyed